First some project admin notes:

    Following up on dates/release, I reviewed the meeting notes and transcript from the last meeting and unfortunately they were vague about any specific dates.


    They did clarify that Ethics can receive a mostly-text version of the prototype to review, so after this round of changes we can send it off to them to share with Ethics.
        After Ethics sees that we have actually started building something, they can proceed with the steps to get round 2 of their research project going (which would include securing more funds).


    They also did express a desire to have a "mostly done" version of the prototype (so, with fairly polished visuals, not just placeholders) for patients to see.
        We are almost at this point.


    Am keeping the Google Slides storyboards as a backup for now. Could potentially share this with them if they have to see something with visuals to make sense of it, but sharing this presents the potential for misunderstanding/miscommunication because it doesn't have the module functionality. 


Here are all my notes on the current framework, you may have addressed some of these already:

///Can we add module overview line to landing page: "Many people with UC worry about..."

///Can we put buttons "inside" the text areas that help nudge users towards the next logical section, and keep the "More options" dropdown as a way for them to navigate non-linearly?    Alternatively, could use the "next" arrow button to do this      The "default" order of going through the content would be similar to how the SB slides are ordered    If not, could we remove the "next" arrow at the end of sections, or, have it loop through that section?


    Can we indent a second set of bullet points in certain places, e.g. 01b0 for "Active disease" points?
        (Wondering if we should bold or italic certain words or sets of words in various parts, but I'll leave this to Vivian and her team to decide)

///For 2b0 (Total Proc surgical pathway), it ends up ending after the first set of bullet points, but can we navigate from here to 2b1, 2b2, or 2b3/7b depending on filter choices?


///Sorry I messed this up on the matrix: The custom landing page "Planning and Support" button always goes to 03 Medications first, but it was supposed to 8a/b/c depending on surgical status (then that goes to 9a/b, etc):
03 Medications should only show up as the first part of "Planning and Support" for the "No surgeries yet" status, and be available as an end-path option to navigate to for the "Before Pregnancy/Preconception" state.
Medications aren't really relevant after you've had the first UC surgical treatment, and if you're pregnant or have given birth you've likely already been given information about that.
There's only one situation where you might be talking about meds after having a J pouch, which is uncommon post-J pouch "flares", which I do think is mentioned somewhere already.

General comment/quetsion on images/placeholders, what dimensions are we going with?
This framework has space for 1280x720 images, but the current PT sites have 900x600 images
For now, will render 720p images so that they're larger, but in a few cases the cropping might present issues for labels
(horizontally narrower 1280x720 cuts off bottom and top spacing and pushes negative space to sides)

///01a0 Introduction
Would like to add a bullet before the last one that points user towards "next" button, so:
- Many people with ulcerative colitis (UC) are treated with medications, but approximately 1 in 10 (10%) will require surgery within 10 years of diagnosis.
- In some cases, ulcerative colitis (UC) surgery is needed urgently due to a medical emergency.
- Click on the "next" arrow to learn more about UC disease symptoms, or,
- click on "More Options" below to return to your custom main menu.*
(* So what we're doing here with this is we remind the user that the content IS being customized for them)

///01c1 Digestive Tract
Looking now at the text and thinking about how this will translate to labels,
I think we should break this up into at least 2 images,
1. that focuses on the stomach, small intestine and its segments,
and 2. that focuses on the colon and its segments inc. the rectum
- Also, hoping we can either keep the arrow buttons on this page,
so they can navigate straight to female reproductive organs, or,
have separate buttons for the different navigation end points (FRA, back, main menu)


    For surgical terms in parenthesis, is there a way we could add hover states to these so users could see medical terminology definitions?
        (for mobile would have to be a pop-up instead of a hover state bubble)

>>> No hover, just do click states with pop-up bubbles can use for both desktop + mobile
- Dictionary page now on gDoc, linked here

///End of 02a0, discussion of surgical end-points.
Last bullet prompts user to click on "More options" but arrows are still visible.
Is it possible to hide them on screens like this one where multiple options are present?
Alternatively, can "Next" arrow button go to J Pouch overview as in Slides?

End of 02a1 is prefect

///02a2 Pre + Post surgery
Should probably break this first slide up into 2 as well
1. for OR bed placement, breathing tube + catheter
2. for surgical incision types

///For the end of 02a2 Pre + Post surgery,
is it possible to limit "More options" based on their filter choices?
In other words, don't have all 3 "Fertility", "Pregnancy" and "Delivery" considerations,but only 1 of those 3 depending on what they picked from the filter questions?

///For 02b0, here is where the customized content should start to come into play
(and where coding or sure starts getting complicated)
- If the user selected "Before Pregnancy" as their fertility state,
then 02b0 should continue on to 02b1
- If the user selected "Pregnant" as their fertility state,
then 02b0 should continue on to 02b2
- If the user selected "After Pregnancy" as their fertility state,
then 02b0 should continue on to 07b

///For 02c0, the intent is that the narrative splits into 2 paths:
1. J pouch option (02ci)
2. End ostomy option (02cii)
and then, BOTH of those option slides/pages return to the same narrative pathway in 02ciii "Either option"

///02c1 Before Pregnancy is missing a slide. It jumps straight to "Because this stage...",
but it should have 2 bullet points before this, beginning with "Following a subtotal..."

///After getting to 02c1 Before Pregnancy, when I pick "Go back one section",
and then click "More Options" again, this time I get a limited selection (based just on "Before Pregnancy" status)

Navigating away from 02ciii feels inconsistent as to what options show up in "More Options"

If I make my selections for "Pregnant" and "J pouch made, have loop ostomy",
then 02d0 "J pouch creation surgery" doesn't have any options for where to go next?
I will double-check for this, but the intention was that "Before Pregnancy" usually gets "Pregnancy" content to navigate to,
and "Pregnant" gets "Delivery" / "After Pregnancy" content to navigate to.

Each set of fertility state and surgical state selections should provide users with:
1. Intro section with customized options within
2. Fertility considerations -OR- Pregnancy considerations -OR- Delivery considerations
3. A UC Surgical overview customized per BOTH selections
Each surgical section starts out with zero-number-letter-zero
That first "zero" section is fertility/pregnancy/delivery independent
Then, based on what they picked, the "zero" section goes to 1 Fertility, 2 Pregnant, or 3, which skips straight to letter sections of (ch)7.
4. Planning & Support section with customized content within
This should only start with "Medications" (ch3) for the specific combination of "Before Pregnant" and "No UC surgeries yet"
All other combinations start with lettered sections of ch8

End of 4a0, 4c0 & 4d0 Fertility Considerations
The end options may have come from an earlier draft? End options for 4a should be:
2a0 No prior UC surgery
4f ART treatments
5a Pregnancy considerations
For 4c:
2c0 Partial colon removal surgery
4f ART Treatments
5c Pregnancy considerations - subtotal
For 4d:
2e1 J pouch completion
4f ART Treatments
5d Pregnancy pelvic surgery
End options for 4b0 & 4e0 look to be correct

End of 4f ART Treatments should also be affected by choices,
always links out to Mt Sinai clinic,
always links out to ch9a because support pages are always the same,
but should have a custom ch8 link based on:
- 8a Planning & Support (no surgery / unsure / no deep pelvic)
- 8b Planning & Support - with ostomy
- 8c Planning & Support - with J pouch

All end options for Pregnancy Considerations sections look good to go
All end options for Postpartum Considerations sections look good to go

09a What to Ask
Hoping we can use bullet points and numbers for lists?

Is it possible to link out to other TVASurg pages from the "More Options" dropdown?